God's Word is powerful, and when I find that I'm reading the written Word, that power comes through.
But mainly I'm focusing on the event itself, who did what to whom and what the lesson is.
An example of that is with Zechariah and Elizabeth.
Now, I'm very familiar with the account I've read it many times, but seeing it helped me to see what a setting this was,
what a wonderful privilege Zechariah had, and all of a sudden Gabriel appears, and what a magnificent representation of Gabriel.
But after Gabriel tells Zechariah the good news, I just couldn't believe it when he says,
how can I be sure of this?
Part of me was screaming out, don't say that, whatever you do, don't say that.
You see, I became emotionally involved with the account.
And of course it helped me to understand why Zechariah had a little bit of a punishment coming to him.
When Jesus was born, Satan tried to murder the baby Jesus, but all wise Jehovah completely outwitted the devil and protected His precious but very vulnerable sign.
Jehovah ensured that He could grow up, become the Messiah, and preach the message Satan hates, the good news of the kingdom.
Seeing all of this reenacted on screen makes me appreciate even more fully how Jehovah can protect us.
No matter how weak or vulnerable we may feel in the face of Satan's attacks and also how important it is to imitate Jesus in preaching the good news of the kingdom.
I've long appreciated these accounts and reading them in the Bible reminds me of the blessings that Jehovah has in store for all those who love Him, including of course, our dear loyal older ones.
And seeing the reenactment reminds me that Jehovah understood well in advance what this assignment would mean for Jesus.
Yet Jesus was willing to go on that journey to vindicate His Father's name and to lay the basis for eternal life for all those who respond favorably to the good news.
So it's our hope and desire that our brothers and sisters as they watch these video presentations will feel as if they were there and they're part of the event.
And this will help them to remember all the details, but more importantly, that it will build appreciation and love for Jesus and in turn, that that will strengthen their love for Jehovah.
And of course, once you get excited about these stories, that helps us to continue to boldly preach the good news of the kingdom.